Objective 

German national brought up in Germany and Singapore. Strong technical and business qualifications with an 
impressive track record of more than three years of hands-on experience in strategic planning, business unit 
development, project and product management, and negotiating acquisition. Proven ability to successfully 
analyse trade winds as well as critical business requirements, identify deficiencies and potential 
opportunities, and develop innovative and cost-effective solutions for enhancing competitiveness, increasing 
revenues, and improving customer service offerings 

Educational and Police service Background 

ttt 

Volkshochshule Frankfurt language School.  Germany 2016-2018 

Studied up to German B2 basic language level in preparing to support companies with German 
communication. . 

Diploma in Shipping Business  . 
Maritime Law, Shipping Economics, Financial Accounting and Shipping, Ship sales and Purchase, Ship 
Chartering practices.  

Singapore Polytechnic 

2005 - 2008  

Other skills 
Outstanding organisational skills.  Excellent computing skills (e.g., Microsoft Word and Excel).  Ability to 
use initiative.  Exceptional attention to detail.  Ability to ensure courteous and efficient interaction with 
clients.  Strong communication skills (both written and verbal).  Professional office presentations.    

Page 1 of 4 

                          From JobStreet.com                                                                           
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
     
     
 
Work Background   
Hebeloft health and beauty        E-commerce trainee        Aug 2021 - February 2022 

During my SG united traineeship I had to study about the company's business model that allows companies 
and individuals to buy and sell goods and services over the Internet. 

I had to handle eCommerce fulfillment for Qoo10, Shopee and Lazada. I also had to send thank you 
messages to customers to build brand loyalty. 

On top of that I too had to visit Guardian stores to check brand merchandising set up and Watsons 
merchandising top up as well as assist in Vday campaign execution. 

AIA Insurance Agency 

Sales Consultant 

      January 2019 – Aug 2021  

As a sales consultant to AIA Insurance, I was assigned the role to push for clients to be enrolled in a 
government joined scheme to bring coverage from their medisave to their medifund for assistance in 
hospital billings or payments. 

This includes the task to give cold calls to customers and trying to reach a target of 75% KPI success from 
the client based data provided.  

DHL – NHS Imperial Trust (U.K)  

Fleet Planner    

      August 2014 – 2016  

 Held with the responsibility of planning a fleet of more than 100 converted ambulance vehicles for the 
following purposes; 

•  Renal patients for the purpose of dialysis treatment nationwide in hospitals across London, 

United Kingdom. 

•  Liaising with OPD (Outward Patient Department) for various appointments/treatments.  
•  Arranging ECJ (Extra contractual journeys) for more than a 40 mile radius from hospital 

• 

• 

throughout Great Britain. 
Involved in the planning of 2 men crew and HD (High Dependancy) patient within the 
faculty of England.  

Involved in processing daily KPI (key performances index) report for the following 
purposes; 

•  Monitoring failed and successful (early or late) journeys. I.E Waiting time for inward 
patients no earlier than 10 mins and no later than 30 mins once treatment has been 
completed.  

 Responsible for the monitoring of costs and expenses for sub-contractors, i.e, making sure budgets are   

    not exceeded in outsourcing work that is uncovered by own resource. 

 Involved in the preparation of company’s work schedule involving of more than 200 staff and drivers  

    including weekends. 

 Tasked with the responsibility of engaging patients based outside London on upcoming hospital visits.  

Navig8 Bulk Asia   Senior Operations Executive      

July 2013 to Aug 2014 

 Involved in dealing with vessels from major international head owners with various different fleets and  

   sizes, ranging from Handymax to Supramax and even Panamax vessels 

 Tasked with the objective of dealing operational duties by liaising with the Master of a vessel, agents,  

    shippers’ and brokers worldwide from load port scene till vessel fully completes discharge.    

 Interface with many different shippers/receivers such as BHP, Rio Tinto and HMM, Hyundai.  

Page 2 of 4 

                  From JobStreet.com                           
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 Successfully oversee more than 50 vessels’ journey from the far east to the Atlantic with the required  

    knowledge of having to deal with many cargo grades.   

 Responsible for calculating and managing vessel's bunker intake demurrage/ dispatch for my vessel's  

    stay at said load port/ discharge port. 

 Responsible for settling claims (i.e. crane breakdown/ stevedore damages) between Charterers or Ship  

    Owners' during vessel's laden passage and any insurance P&I (Protection and Indemnity) surveyors.  

 Responsible for sending out voyage instructions for vessel's upcoming business voyage to the Master of  

   the vessel.  

 Ensure vessel's sea freight are received in time, invoices have to be sent out punctually to Charterers’ in  

    return for their remittance. 

Raffles Shipping Private Limited   Operations Executive    Jan 2012 to July 2013   

 Responsible for starting and overseeing the whole logistical operation from vessel’s loadport to discharge      

   port with various dry bulk cargoes belonging to main parent company, Wilmar International.    

 Oversee the strategic management and operational oversight of the company's Global Business  

    Development and Operations in order to provide streamlined operations, reduced operating costs, and  
    greater profitability.    

 Interface with partners and large clients, mainly Ship Owners, to develop and maintain organizational  

   strategies, operational efficiencies, and proposals for increasing technical efficiency and improving  
   profitability.    

 Successfully oversaw the start-up and development of this Dry Bulk shipping/trading business along with  

    30 other employees.  

 Spearheaded the successful operational business unit which engages in dry bulk trade from South East  

     Asia to Asia Pacific as well as Korean Peninsula.    

 Developed an on-going future business plan in securing formidable relationships with cargo traders  

    abroad.   

 Established critical partnerships with high level Dry Bulk Ship Owners’ industry leaders.    

Other skills 

Computer:  Excel, Microsoft Word, Power Point,  
Shipping appendices such as Dataloy  Wordscale and Softmar 

 Hobbies 

Soccer, badminton and Muay Thai 

 Languages 

English, German, Bahasa Indonesia, Malay and Chinese 

Page 3 of 4 

                            From JobStreet.com                           
  
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 4 

                  From JobStreet.com                           
 
