Profile

A motivated professional seeking a position in a challenging environment, 6 years experience in 

Imports/Exports out of which 3 years in Kuwait, 3 years in India and 1 year experience in 

purchase department.

Academic Credentials

Qualification            Institute                                               Board                   Year                     %

MBA                 Sona College of Technology                   Autonomous         2013                       70% 

BBA                 Government Arts College                         State Board          2011                       65% 

XII                    Government Higher Secondary School    State Board          2008                        83% 

Power Skills

1.  MS Office Suite 2. Handling International shipment 3. Deadline & Scheduling Management

4. Quality Assurance 5. Customs Documentation 6. International Logistics 7. Purchase 

Work Experiences

Logistic Officer                                                                                      August 2018 to February 2021
Safwan Trading & Contracting Company                                                                              KUWAIT

 Correspondence   (providing   information,   updating,   advising   on   problematic   issues)   with   the

Suppliers   and   Distributors   worldwide,   Insurance   Agents,   Clearing   Agent   and   Shipping

Companies.



Preparing official documents for imports or verifying documentation is in order for the efficient

and lawful execution of all import activities.

 Ensuring shipment delivery meet deadline of the order/ contract with the client.



Follow-up with international shipping lines (Air, Sea and Road) and clearance agents and/or

solve important issues to avoid probable delay/ demurrage, when needed.

 Creating new items, entering purchase orders in Oracle.

 Enter the goods received into Oracle: JD Edwards Software

                  From JobStreet.com                           Entering the Purchase order (stock) into system.





Support in Financial process that is with accounts payables & Debit notes.

Prepare and submit relevant administration documents in a timely and accurate manner, for

example: shipping schedules; licenses; packing, routing, transport and safety documentation.

 Arranging and completing all associated paperwork, which documents the nature of the goods 

being imported from abroad and that they are legal and legitimate.

 Applying to QCL supplier’s invoices – initial & final release for Pharma products and obtaining 

relevant approvals from Ministry of Health. 





Insurance: Insuring shipments and sending claims in case of damages.

Flexibility in handling all imports and exports related works.

 Negotiate best possible freight option (air/sea/courier/truck), considering all parameters of the 

shipment to ensure customer satisfaction.

Purchase Executive                                                                                     March 2018 to July 2018
Eiffel Engineering General Trading & Contracting Co.                                                  KUWAIT

 Prepare and raise purchases requisition for purchase of local and Import items.

 In charge of imported food items such as visiting warehouse and responsible for Maintaining 

Import Documents.

 Coordinating and managing all activities during the local purchasing process, such as following 

up on orders, confirming delivery of PO’s and monitoring transportation.

 Preparation of Material Request and Daily reports.

Purchase Assistant                                                                                 November 2016 to April 2017
Al- Hathaifa Modern Trading Ent LLC                                                                      Oman, Muscat

 Maintain records of goods ordered and received.

 Ensure that any invoices are sent to accounts for payment.

 Review deliveries against the orders

  Responsible for maintaining electronic and manual filing systems.

                  From JobStreet.com                          Export Assistant                                                                                           July 2013 to October 2016

KMB Granites Private Ltd.                                                                                              INDIA, Salem

 Preparation  of  Export  documents  such as  Quotation,  Proforma  Invoice,  Commercial Invoice,

Packing list, Bill of Exchange, letter of Credit and Purchase order.

 Responsible for Maintaining Export Documents such as Bill of lading, Custom Papers, Mate

Receipt, Payment, Insurance, Fumigation Certificate, Certificate of Origin and others. 

 Examine the customs documents before the authorities to sign.

                  From JobStreet.com                          