NAME                   : Zin Min Htet 

Email                    : zinminhtet248@gmail.com 

Mobile                  : +65-86208501 

DOB                     :14 Jul 1992 

Nationality            : Myanmar 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

EDUCATION QUALIFICATIONS 

National University of Singapore                                             Feb 2016 –March 217 

●  Post Graduate Diploma in Systems 0 Analysis                         

Bachelor of Engineering (Information Technology)               Dec-2008 to Feb-2014             

●  Mandalay Technological University      

Employment History 

Application Analyst (Courts Asia Limited)                                             2017-(Current) 

●  Managed the full SDLC - reviewed requirements, coordinated with the application 
development team, distributed tasks, created test plans, coordinated production 
installation, and participated in support for those internal users like 
logistics,Finance,online ,Marketing and operation,etc. 

⮚  Reactive problem investigation, diagnosis & resolution 
⮚  Participate in post mortem activities for any breaks in system availability 
⮚  Carry out root cause and trend analysis of problems and to identify, implement solutions to 

prevent repeat reoccurrence 

●  Communicated weekly application status to business users, stake holder and end 

users. 

⮚  Participate in change review meetings to review application development and infrastructure 

changes that impacting applications 

●  Review and amend technical documentation such as support and disaster recovery 

procedures to ensure that they are kept up to date. 

●  Utilized MS project to update project plans. 
●  Documented system process flows. 
●  Use metrics to maintain and enhance system performance 
●  Define and implement best practice operational standards(e.g.standardised 

monitoring,logging,escalation and scheduling) 

●  Working on Dynamic 365 project 

 
 
                                         
Project Experiences 

1.  Institute of System Science 

KepDesk Project (Internship Project at Keppel Land)          

●  The  aim  of  this  project  is  that  it  simplifies  and  automates  help  desk  ticket 

management and support IT technicians to manage tickets. 

●  Coded 

the 

system 

with 

Agile 

platform 

by 

outsystem,C#,CSS,javascript,mysql ,ionic creator and jQuery. 

●  Make the user to create helpdesk ticket, to give feedback, supported the FAQ for 
user, gave the real chat with IT technicians and can track the helpdesk ticket‘s 
process easily. 

●  Save time and resources on manual and repetitive help desk tasks. 
● 

Improve operational efficiency of customer service. 

Logic University Stationary Store Management Control System   

Team Size-8(1 month AD project) 

●  Provided a software application to carry out the tasks related to stationary order of 
the department and then tracking and maintain the stocks levels for the inventory. 
●  Developed the mobile application for ordering stationary, accepting order request, 
checking  the  stock  levels,  showing  the  inventory  maps  and  approved  the  order 
form(to help store management). 

Online Customized Wholesales and Distribution System 

●  Developed online sales management system using OOAD(Oriented Analysis and 

Design) 

●  Delivered  services  to  achieve  the  time  efficiency  and  effective  on  the  user 

experience 

Library Management System       

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
●  Designed this system by using C#.Net, SQL Server, Entity Framework.  
●  Stored procedures development and accomplished the database design 
●  Provided  online  real  time  information  for  the  books  in  library  and  kept  the  user 
information to reduce the manual work like book issues, returns, reports, etc. and 
tracking of books rental records. 

●  Solved  the  problems  when  we  integrated  the  projects  and  rectified  the  errors 

through troubleshooting 

Club Application System (Booking Register) 

Identified and corrected the software deficiencies.  

●  Coded this system by using java language and spring framework. 
● 
●  Built  our  booking  system  from  the  ground  up  for  small,  local  and  mid-sized 
business of all shapes and sizes to attract new customers, the existing ones, and 
took booking for 24 hours a day. 

Mobile Track Application Development        

●  Designed  the  app  of  mobile  and  IOS  for  supermarket  especially  for  to  track 
inventory  system  and  manage  the  goods  in  supermarket  by  using  prototype.io 
tools 

Tracking diet plan (Android Application) 

●  Coded  this  application  by  using  java  swing,  SQLite  and  web  service  by  using 

Asp.net. 

●  Designed the prototype for App and websites. 
●  Allowed the user to know the exact BMI, amount of calories based on food and 

exercises. 

 Flickr Application (IOS Application)    

●  Designed IOS application to be able to take photo, upload videos, search and save 

in Flickr by using swift. 

2 .Mandalay Technological University-Myanmar 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Project Experiences 

      Video Rental Shop Nov-2010 

●  Offer the largest selection of independent films, children’s movies or foreign films 
to build a brand and to minimize the cost of providing the labor costs and to save 
the manual work. 

Wireless Network Infrastructure Plan over TU (Mdy) campus    Oct-2011 

●  Connected two or more devices by using a wireless distribution methods within a 
limited area such as buildings,labs,etc that gives users the ability to move around 
within a local coverage area and still be connected to the network, and can provide 
a connection to get the wider internet . 

●  Design and Implementation of Iris Recognition system based on  

Hamming Distance Matching TechniqueOct-2013 

●  Used  video  camera  technology  with  subtle  near infrared  illumination  to acquire 
images of the iris and checked for speed of matching and its extreme resistance 
to false matches to give the precise results. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

●  Business  Analysis,  Project  plan  preparation  &execution  (Project  initiation  to 

closure). 

●  Requirement  analysis  and  design,  documentation,  flow  chart  &use  case 

preparation. 

●  Gap analysis, test case preparation & test execution. 
●  J2SE, J2EE,Servlets,Spring and Struts frameworks, C#,Asp.net,Android ,IOS 
●  SQL Server 2000-2008,MySQL,SQLite,macro 
●  Visual Studio 2008/2015,IDE,Eclipse ,Android Studio ,XCode ,Agile platform by 

out system 

●  HTML,CSS, Java Script, JQuery 

Others Skills 

●  Ability to learn new technologies 
● 

 Have Positive attitude and quick learner 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
●  Good  interpersonal,  communication  skills  and  comprehensive  problem  solving 

skills. 
Independent as well as a team player with drive and leadership abilities 

● 

