Agility Shipping Pte Ltd
May 02, 2018 – Present

Operation Support Executive (Air/Sea Freight/Warehousing)

Receiving and processing shipment orders via telephone calls and web portal.
Ensure orders are processed and shipped timely and accurately.

-
-
- Main contact person and work closely to ensure all import and exports of products are

-

followed up and attended.
Coordinate and liaise with Sales, Customer’s and Operations on the shipment status
and updates.

- Handle and prepare shipping documents. Ensures all documents is received and sent

on time to respective points.

- Generating Daily/ Weekly manifest and reports. And ensuring data is in correct places.
Attending Sales and Operations meeting, to ensure awareness of the environment and
-
the process.
Ensuring the smooth and efficient day to day activity and operations.

-
- Other ad-hoc duties as to and when needed.

JSI Logistics (S) Pte Ltd
August 23, 2012 – April 27, 2018

Order Control Coordinator (Analog Devices Inc)

-

-

Processing orders and deliveries via web portal and providing support for customer’s
immediate   needs.   Ensuring   shipments   are   monitored   and   controlled   based   on
Singapore Customs Law.
Inputting and downloading orders through web portal and to provide timely support
and customer service to existing customers.
Executing operation from item orders to receiving and shipping.
Creating item list for delivery and maintains stock inventory of supplies.

-
-
- Generating invoices and packing list in line with customer requests and needs.
-

Liaising and coordinating with other divisions internally regarding customers request
and delivery.

- Handling   a   compliance   role   in   requesting   and   coordinating   with   customers   and

Singapore customs regarding the strategic permits needed for the shipments.

- Making sure that all parts and shipments are to be screened from strategic parts and

-

-

sanction countries in line with Singapore customs law.
Participate   in   companywide   program   that   aims   to   boosts   sales   target   set   by   the
company.
Preparation   and   transmittal   of   summarized   accurate   reports   required   for   business
strategy.

- Other ad-hoc duties as to and when needed.

                  From JobStreet.com                          EDUCATION
Bachelors Degree
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (2007)
June 6, 2003 – May 30, 2007
Our Lady of Fatima University, Valenzuela City, Metro Manila, Philippines

PERSONAL BACKGROUND

Software Knowhow: 
Microsoft Office, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Powerpoint, SAP, Agility Control, Portnet, 
Jurong Port Online and WMS
Special Skills: 
Ability to work independently and good team player
Good Communication Skills
Excellent Interpersonal Skills, and aptitude

                  From JobStreet.com                          