Current Salary: $4,800
Expected Salary: $5,000
Notice Period: 1 month

RACHEL MARGRET | 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT ANALYST 

                                                                   Mobile: +6581412041              

Email: rachelmargret@yahoo.com 

Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachel-margret-jabez-506550ab 

Professional Experience: 

As a software developer I have 5+ years of experience in developing web applications 
during which I have designed and built the code for the web applications.  

➢  Worked in API data validation for web application. 
➢  Worked  in an Agile team of .NET developers for a fast-paced software 

development firm. 

➢  Developed and provided maintenance for 3+ .NET websites, using VB.NET, 

C#,  jQuery, HTML, and CSS. Achieved 100% client satisfaction and on-time 
completion. 

InterPersonal Skills: 

Multitasking Skills 
Time Management Skills 
Problem Solving Skills 
Project Management Skills 

Career: September 2020 – Present                  

Company: NCS 

Role: Application Support 

Client : Ministry of health 

Improved and enhanced .NET applications for the Ministry of Health Application. 

We will identify the root cause of the problem and analyse the issue. Conduct Data 
patching whenever necessary. 

Fixed bugs from existing websites and implemented enhancements that significantly 
improved web functionality and speed. 

 
 
 
                                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                    
 
Year: August 2015 – April 2019 
Accenture 
 Role: Application Developer 

Client : Abacus EWF 

Company: 

Collaborating with team to design and develop user interface for various projects using 
VB.NET and C#, ASP.NET 4.5, HTML and JavaScript to deliver applications within 
deadline. 

•  Designing and coding database tables to store application's data as well as 

writing simple/complex queries used in desktop/cloud application 

•  Collaborating with team to design and develop user interface for various projects 
using VB.NET and C#, ASP.NET 4.5, HTML and JavaScript to deliver applications 
within deadline. 

Client : Mortgage Cadence 

Developed software code using C# programming language to meet design specifications, 
and user requirements as well as delivered high-quality applications within specified 
deadlines. 

•  Contributed to overall project plans in compliance with established procedures 

and standards as well as provided support and error resolution for developed 
desktop and web applications. 

•  Wrote and provided appropriate application user guides for end-users and system 
admin as well as developed and maintained all documentation that pertained to 
programming projects. 

 Client : ExxonMobil 

Contributed to overall project plans in compliance with established procedures and 
standards as well as provided support and error resolution for developed desktop and 
web applications. 

•  Worked on the improvement of all programming procedures in order to make all 

the software development process more effective. 

Certification: 

•  Administering Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014 Databases, certified by Microsoft 

(70-462). 

•  Programming in Microsoft C#, certified by Microsoft (70-483).  
• 

Implementing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions, certified by Microsoft (70-
533). 

•  Architecting Microsoft Azure Solutions, certified by Microsoft (70-534). 

Education: 

•  Master’s in computer application in SSN College of Engineering; graduated on 

2015, Anna University, Chennai, India 

 
 
 
 
               
 
 
 
 
•  Bachelor’s in computer application in SDNB Vaishnav College; completed on 

2012, Chennai, India 

•  Higher Secondary school; completed on 2009, Chennai, India 
•  Secondary school; completed on 2007, Chennai, India. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
