Position applying for: IT Senior Field Support Engineer 

Candidate’s Personal Information 

Name 
Address  
Gender  
Age 
Nationality 
Race 

: Lim Choon Guan 
: Ang Mo Kio 
: Male 
: 33 
: Malaysian (SPR) 
: Chinese 

Job Required Information: 
Last Drawn Salary  
Expected Salary  
Availability 

: $5000 + AWS + VB 
: $5000 
: 1 month 

Education Background 

Year 
Institution 
Qualification Attained 

: 2019 
: Teesside University, United Kingdom 
: Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Cybersecurity and Networks 

• 
• 

ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management, Date: 2019 
ISO / 27001:2013 Information Security Management System (ISMS) Auditor / Lead Auditor 
Course. Date: May 2016 

•  Completion of NICF – Information Systems Security (CISSP) 

Employment 

Name of Company 
Period   
Position 
Reasons for leaving 
                                              currently doing more on to IT admin related work. 
Responsibilities  

: Fraser And Neave, Limited 
: Aug 2021 - Present 
: Senior IT Engineer, Group Information Technology 
: During the interview it was mentioned the role is more on to IT Engineer but  

:  

•  Manage the office stationary, drinking water, soft drink and pantry supplies order. 
•  Raising Purchase order, keep check on contract end date, filling the PO, DO, Inv and Contract 

Documents 

•  Manage IT Ticket system 
•  Other adhoc duties 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name of Company 
Period   
Position 
Last Drawn Salary 
Reasons for leaving 
Responsibilities  

: ARA Asset Management Limited 
: Jan 2018– Aug 2021 
: Senior Executive, Group Information Technology 
: $4600 + AWS + VB 
: Seeking for a career prospect 
:  

•  Plan and implement IT Systems which include system enhancement, integration, and operation 

processes. 

•  Be responsible for daily IT operations on users access right control, system setup and ad-hoc 2nd 

and 3rd level troubleshooting. 

•  Support regional countries in technical development / enhancements 
•  Manage and supervise IT Support Team working in the IT Operation area. 
•  Oversee and review IT contracts to ensure that the Business Units requirements are being met. 
•  Ensure administration of all Information and Network systems follows the IT policies, standards 

and procedures. 

•  To keep abreast of latest technology advances, IT risk and security so as to recommend actions 

to mitigate risks as well as take advantage of the technology advances in implementing 
solutions. 

•  Manage vendor relationships to ensure projects are delivered on time and within the budgeted 

cost. 

•  Negotiate contracts with vendor for all software, hardware and consulting services. 
•  Ensure that IT operations, systems and networks are always back-up so that a restoration can be 

done in the event of unforeseen disaster. 

•  Maintenance of hardware and software inventory records 
•  Establishing a clear and detailed documentation, manuals, and technical reports 
•  Prepare & implement preventive maintenance schedule for all IT hardware & software 

Name of Company 
Period   
Position 
Reasons for leaving 
Responsibilities  

: YKK AP Singapore Pte Ltd 
: Apr 2014 – Jan 2018 
: IT/IS Executive 
: Seeking for a career prospect 
:  

•  Manage IT infrastructure and networking for YKK AP Singapore and Vietnam Office. It included 
Virtualization Environment, Router and Firewall, CCTV, Backup Solution, Network and Log 
Monitoring and Phone System. Manage the team of IT Support Engineer and Task Assignment. 

• 

•  Perform administrative support, asset management and routine IT housekeeping services. 
Monitoring and prepare capacity plan for IT resources. Budget planning and new solution 
implementation to improve the business processes of the company 
Implementation and maintaining ISO27001 Information Security Management System. Provide 
Security Awareness Training of the workforce on information security standards, policies and 
best practices for all the staff. 
Installation and use of firewall, data encryption, IDS and other security products and 
procedures. 

• 

•  Develop and carry out information security plans and policies. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
•  Develop strategies to respond to and recover from a security breach 
•  Conduct periodic network vulnerability scan, penetration testing on the system to find 

exploitable weaknesses 

•  Monitor networks and system for security breaches and investigate security breaches. 
•  Provide ISO 27001 ISMS Internal Audit to YKK Group companies 

Name of Company 
Period   
Position 
Responsibilities  

: Aion Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore 
: Jan 2012 -Apr 2014 
: Network &Voice Engineer 
:  

•  Manage and assist on Network and Voice related project. Specialist in product such as, Palo Alto 

firewall, Fortinet Firewall, Juniper Firewall, Avaya and Fortivoice Phone System. 

•  Provide desktop and system support to maintenance customer. 
•  Collaboration with customers to gather pre-installation information and prepare post-

installment document after the completion of the project 
•  Do planning and scheduling for the overall project deployment. 
•  Assist on other projects when needed as team member. 

Name of Company 
Period   
Position 
Responsibilities  

: NCS Pte Ltd, Singapore 
: Aug 2010 - Dec 2011 
: Technology Assistant 
:  

•  Responsible for performing first level troubleshooting support for problem related to computer 

hardware/software and application system in the school. 

•  Provide advice and assistance to user on the usage of simple functional features of software and 
hardware peripherals. In addition, its required to perform basic administrative support, asset 
management and routine IT housekeeping services 

Proficient in Microsoft Office 

Fluent in English, Mandarin 

Computer Literacy 

Language 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
